Regarding the Wutu's commander Shilang this time
Do you know anything about him?
Heard from General Zu
This man
Is one of Wutu Zhao's renowned fierce generals
When Yong'an fell that year
He led only dozens of cavalry
Charged into the city
Single-handedly made tens of thousands of defenders
Tremble and flee
In recent years
He has had few defeats
However
This Shilang
Despite this
With illustrious military achievements
Now
Is only a Left General
All because his mother
Was a captured Xuan woman slave
Making his origins lowly
In the Wutu Zhao court
He is suppressed everywhere
That can only make him
More cunning
Because he
Cannot afford mistakes